picom-trans: add page (#8244)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/picom-trans.md

# picom-trans

> > Set window opacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Set window opacity for the `picom` window compositor.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/yshui/picom>.

> - Set opacity of current window to 90 percent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the current window opacity to a specific percent:
```

Reviewer: @flipsi I assume `current window` means `currently focused window`, right? It is a bit wordy, but I think we should at least clarify this in the first example.

Author: > @flipsi I assume `current window` means `currently focused window`, right? It is a bit wordy, but I think we should at least clarify this in the first example.

Correct, thanks for pointing this out! 

I [adjusted the wording](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/8244/commits/8f97d5e862b4b9a68ba2ebdfd48938e85fe33f7e).

> - Set the currently focused window opacity to a certain percentage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the current window opacity to a specific percentage:
```

AFAIK we prefer `a` instead of `the`, and `specific` instead of `certain`. Pages should be standardized. ;)

Reviewer: I agree with `specific`, but what's wrong with `currently focused`. It's more precise than `current`.

Author: 1) What about [Simon's](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/8244#discussion_r928295348) remark about "focussed"? I think we should incorporate this.
2) Okay, but I'm already using `a` (at least in the descriptions below). I think using an indefinite article twice doesn't make much sense here: I'm talking a about **a** window, so it's **the** opacity of this particular window (definite in this context).
3) Okay, I will change `certain` to `specific`. (Wanted to avoid using `specific` twice in the second description)

`picom-trans --current --opacity={{90}}`

> - Set opacity of window with name 'Firefox' to 90 percent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set a specific window opacity:
```

Reviewer 3: Something like this? :thinking: 
```suggestion
- Set an opacity for a window with a specific name:
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, sounds nicer than my variant.

Reviewer: I'd use the definite article, however: `Set the opacity ...`

> - Set the opacity of a window with a specific name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set an opacity of a window with a specific name:
```

Reviewer: I think `the` is better in this context, because every window has one opacity. And we're setting this very opacity. `An opacity` sounds like we're setting one of the many opacities a window could have.

> `picom-trans --name={{Firefox}} --opacity={{90}}`

Reviewer: Just one last thing from my side: Could you please test if those flags work without the `=` and remove them if they do?

Author: Sure. They do work, so [I removed them as you requested](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/8244/commits/04d516ca26a97fd7bd6bd158dc1dbec86ad1a625). 

The man page however suggest using `=`. So just out of curiosity: Shouldn't we stick to that?

Reviewer: Because it makes it more readable. And it's easier to just never use them instead of remembering where they work and where not. In the end it doesn't make a difference.

> - Select window to set opacity for with mouse cursor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set an opacity for a specific window selected via mouse cursor:
```

> - Set the opacity of a specific window selected via mouse cursor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set an opacity of a specific window selected via mouse cursor:
```

`picom-trans --select --opacity={{90}}`

> - Toggle opacity for window with name 'Firefox':

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Toggle a specific window opacity:
```

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure, but I think `Firefox` refers to a window class here, not a single window. Is this correct @flipsi?

Author: No, as far as I understand, window name is different from window class and this matches the name.
At least I tested this and compared my query with the different values I got from `xprop`. 
Window name is what is most likely shown as a title in window decorations of window managers.

> - Toggle the opacity of a specific window:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Toggle an opacity of a specific window:
```
